like and strife black box new sv 5 years
ago old Sandman was tamed by skaters and
a disaster that must not be named when
everybody got their time of fame but now
we're back wit escape do game US v the
place to be let me tell you know Mongo
corporation rules to the scene and
started making the second dreamscreen a
new and improved news and that Ilona a
brand new soul thus a new persona as a
bonus of the pool then correct I see
some bangs were into a car wreck hurry
vision and my eyes can be kind of whack
I guess this will have just the little
flashback what happened here is it
really this new no more signs of a
concave feud is this pretty that way so
truly belong is this way the day I
should lose on skeet oh here we go again
you're so much more to do my friends
Steve
put your hands and feet steady grab the
world skater I hope you're ready I heard
your crew wasn't audio race but how
about a fine blend in the face show me
skills show me what you got improv an
offensive is hot skeet oh here we
go again there's so much more to toe my
friends escape to the danza feet steady
grab the world scanner I'll own you're
ready I heard your girl wants a dog race
but how about a foot flat in the face
show me skills show me what you've got
in first finger foods as is hot new
places to see
the waterfront looks deal with what's
the deal gotta get some speed to slide
the hill bring I'm photo so I can talk
and chill just grab the world see hear
and feel yo J comes back word where you
were gotta get some for people bring
them static gotta move objects for that
attack nice to get some grand grabs in
this rat see cars shooter and play
horrible t oj ball last trips crispy
clean cut black wouldn't work in like a
machine let me wipe another of a
microphone needs cuz judo airfreight
poor bulgy bulgy ball Lance Briggs
crispy clean got black wouldn't working
like a machine got me right but not of a
microphone fiend yeah seriously escape
to it's so freakin sing oh this is
gonna last forever seriously like a
strike but spokesman for ian black box
yeah scape to
do we cope again there's so much more to
do my friends escape to put your hands
and feet steady grab the ropes a turn I
hope you're ready I heard so who wants a
Dario race but how about a fun plan in
the face so Miss skills show me what you
got in first and if Lizzy's is hot
skate oh here we go again there's so
much more to do my friends escape to got
your hands have been steady got the
world skater I love you Ray I heard your
girl wants a downhill race but how about
a foot plant in the face show me skills
show me what you got in first finger
is hot you skating to black
ops yeah if you behave that you're not a
real skater
you're still plating up this muffin
swipe you know facer Christ are you an
ass like a barrel could be rolling down
there are we talking donkey kong this is
full-on like is there like the plumber
in the old do i do you remember crazy
climber i hack you went up and inside
way i really don't